README.md, before:

# mr.ash

[![Travis CI Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/stephenslab/mr.ash.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/stephenslab/mr.ash)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/stephenslab/mr.ash/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/stephenslab/mr.ash/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
[![CircleCI build status](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/img/gh/stephenslab/mr.ash/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/redirect/gh/stephenslab/mr.ash/tree/master)
[![AppVeyor Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/5ajikmfnhobvm4d7?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/pcarbo/mr-ash)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/stephenslab/mr.ash/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=0VBKJTPK3U)](https://codecov.io/gh/stephenslab/mr.ash)

R package implementing Multiple Regression with Adaptive Shrinkage
("mr.ash") methods and algorithms.

## Quick Start

To install the latest version of the `mr.ash` package
from GitHub, use [remotes][remotes]:

```R
install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("stephenslab/mr.ash")
```

This command should automatically install all required packages if
they are not installed already.

## License

Copyright (c) 2018-2022, Youngseok Kim, Peter Carbonetto and Matthew
Stephens.

All source code and software in this repository are made available
under the terms of the [MIT license][mit-license]. See
file [LICENSE](LICENSE) for the full text of the license.

## Credits

The mr.ash R package was developed by [Youngseok Kim][youngseok] and
[Peter Carbonetto][peter] at the [University of Chicago][uchicago],
with help from [Matthew Stephens][matthew].

[mit-license]: https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html
[remotes]: https://github.com/r-lib/remotes
[uchicago]: https://www.uchicago.edu
[youngseok]: https://github.com/youngseok-kim
[peter]: https://pcarbo.github.io
[matthew]: http://stephenslab.uchicago.edu

Commit message:

Renaming the package as mr.ashr.

README.md, after:

# mr.ashr

Multiple Regression with Adaptive Shrinkage in R ("mr.ashr")

## Quick Start

To install the latest version of the `mr.ashr` package
from GitHub, use [remotes][remotes]:

```R
install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("stephenslab/mr.ashr")
```

This command should automatically install all required packages if
they are not installed already.

## License

Copyright (c) 2018-2025, Youngseok Kim, Peter Carbonetto and Matthew
Stephens.

All source code and software in this repository are made available
under the terms of the [MIT license][mit-license]. See
file [LICENSE](LICENSE) for the full text of the license.

## Credits

The mr.ashr R package was developed by [Youngseok Kim][youngseok] and
[Peter Carbonetto][peter] at the [University of Chicago][uchicago],
with help from [Matthew Stephens][matthew].

[mit-license]: https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html
[remotes]: https://github.com/r-lib/remotes
[uchicago]: https://www.uchicago.edu
[youngseok]: https://github.com/youngseok-kim
[peter]: https://pcarbo.github.io
[matthew]: http://stephenslab.uchicago.edu
